Rename packages (#1675)
emotion-js/emotion: docs/package-summary.mdx

Depends on @emotion/cache

## @emotion/styled

Contains the styled API, uses @emotion/react under the hood and wraps it with a different API.
Depends on @emotion/react

## @emotion/css

Contains a framework agnostic version of Emotion. Has different functionality and APIs from @emotion/react and doesn’t work the same way under the hood.
Depends on @emotion/cache which which can be customised by creating a custom instance at @emotion/css/create-instance

## @emotion/cache

A cache used by both of the main Emotion APIs. Can be used to provide a custom cache in @emotion/react with its CacheProvider. To customise the equivalent options for @emotion/css, @emotion/css/create-instance can create another instance of @emotion/css and it accepts
Depended upon by @emotion/react and @emotion/css

## @emotion/babel-plugin

A Babel plugin to optimise for @emotion/css, @emotion/react and @emotion/styled

## @emotion/eslint-plugin

ESLint rules for @emotion/css, @emotion/react and @emotion/styled

## @emotion/server

Contains APIs for server rendering with @emotion/css. Can also work with @emotion/react if emotion’s cache is passed to @emotion/react’s CacheProvider

> Has an optional peer dependency on @emotion/css for when @emotion/server is used directly but it’s an optional so that @emotion/server/create-instance can be used with any cache from @emotion/cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Has an optional peer dependency on @emotion/css for when @emotion/server is used directly but it’s an optional so that @emotion/server/create-instance can be used with any cache created by @emotion/cache
```
